.\"
.\" Copyright © 2007 Keith Packard.\"
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and its
.\" documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that
.\" the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that
.\" copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting
.\" documentation, and that the name of Keith Packard not be used in
.\" advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the software without
.\" specific, written prior permission.  Keith Packard makes no
.\" representations about the suitability of this software for any purpose.  It
.\" is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.
.\"
.\" KEITH PACKARD DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE,
.\" INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO
.\" EVENT SHALL KEITH PACKARD BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR
.\" CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE,
.\" DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER
.\" TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
.\" PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.\"
.\"
.TH GBACKLIGHT 1 "gbacklight 0.1" "X Version 11"
.SH NAME
gbacklight \- GUI to adjust backlight brightness using RandR extension
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "gbacklight"
[--help, -h]  [--display, -d \fIdisplay\fP]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I gbacklight
is used to adjust the backlight brightness where supported. It finds all
outputs on the X server supporting backlight brightness control and changes
them all in the same way.
.IP "--help, -h"
Print usage summary and exit.
.IP "--display, -d \fIdisplay\fP"
Use \fIdisplay\fP instead of the default one.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
Xrandr(3)
.SH AUTHORS
Keith Packard,
Open Source Technology Center, Intel Corporation,
author of xbacklight, original code on which gbacklight is based.

Daniel Fetchinson, author of GTK frontend.
